the Secretary General of the United
Nations meeting the prime minister of
Qatar who's been leading negotiations
with Egypt Israel and the US on efforts
to get a new much longer cessation of
the fighting in Gaza your efforts uh uh
for
uh fighting to end your efforts for the
humanitarian Aid to be delivered your e
the efforts for o we
release a fantastic contribution at the
end of the meeting prime minister
Muhammad bin Abdul ramman Alani was not
saying anything but the UN had this
comment no surprise discuss the efforts
uh underweight and uh the fighting to
secure the release of the hostages and
to ensure support uh for humanitarian
operations was the secret General given
any timeline for a potential start to a
new secession he was briefed on uh on on
the latest earlier this week as the
security Council met on Gaza Algeria the
current Arab member of the council
circulated a new draft resolution which
would again call for an immediate
ceasefire but the US ambassador Linda
Thomas Greenfield says this is very
unhelpful to the ongoing delicate
negotiations this draft resolution could
put sensitive negotiations in Jeopardy
derailing the exhaustive ongoing
diplomatic efforts to secure the release
of hostages and secure an extended pause
that Palestinian civilians and Aid
workers so desperately need so the US
ambassador says she's opposed to the
timing of the new draft resolution but
of course her countryes been opposed to
the idea of a Ceasar for nearly 4 months
a un Security Council resolution
demanding a cisa would have been passed
already if the US hadn't used its veto
on three different occasions James Bay
Al jazer of the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer